[Security] Adds Osquery entries to 9.3 release notes (#5744)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/elastic-security/index.md

* Improves the reliability of Cloud Security Posture (CSP) data by automatically upgrading outdated Misconfiguration and Vulnerabilities data views to the correct versions [#238547]({{kib-pull}}238547).
* Fixes Cloud Security Posture regressions to ensure AWS, GCP, and Azure cloud providers are all supported [#242592]({{kib-pull}}242592).
* Upgrades the Osquery schema to v5.19.0 and the ECS schema to v9.2.0 [#246005]({{kib-pull}}246005).

> * For Osquery live queries, improves {{agent}} selection by evaluating the Osquery component health status rather than solely relying on overall {{agent}} status. This allows you to run queries on {{agents}} where the Osquery integration is functional even when other {{agent}} components are degraded [#239304]({{kib-pull}}239304).

Author: I'm not sure "each agent's Osquery component's health status" is quite accurate. Hopefully this is clearer:

```suggestion
* For Osquery live queries, improves {{agent}} selection by evaluating the Osquery component's health status rather than the overall {{agent}} status. This allows you to run queries on {{agents}} where the Osquery integration is functional even when other {{agent}} components are degraded [#239304]({{kib-pull}}239304).
```
